Over the previous modules, we built quite a nice application already
but one crucial thing is missing, authentication.
Right now we got no users,
our posts are created by anonymous users, everyone can create posts, everyone can edit or delete posts.
Now it's time to restrict access and make sure that everyone can read posts but not everyone can create
them and not everyone can edit or delete them,
only the creators of posts should be able to delete them for example.
Now we will implement this step by step since it involves
quite a lot of things and we'll start simple by adding an authentication form, for sign-up and for login
and thereafter we'll dive into how we create users, how we secure our application, how we authorize
certain actions like creating posts and so on.
So let's dive into all these things in this module.